Floating Away
by Jamie Holweger
Henry Mince‟s eyes popped open as his father, Theodore, shouted for him to get out of bed. Henry sat
up, groggy, dreaming it was morning and his mother had just come in to wake him. He opened his eyes,
looked around the room and realized yes, he had been dreaming. She always had woken him softly and
slowly, not with a shout, like his dad. He crept out of bed, his feet cold against the wood floor. He came
out of his room just in time for his father to say a quick goodbye before he was out the door for work,
leaving Henry to fend to himself until supper time.
Henry shuffled around the house, getting ready for the day. He walked to the bathroom for his morning
shower, his feet creaking on the floorboards, the only noise in the house. He finished up in the bathroom,
brushing his hair and teeth, and made way for the kitchen to have some breakfast. He was still so sleepy;
he could almost close his eyes remembering when the house would be filled with the aroma of bacon on
the skillet. He walked in to the room, his mouth instantly beginning to salivate with the fond memory, only
to open his eyes to an empty room. No bacon, no parents, just cold, hard cereal in a ceramic bowl for
Henry this morning.
After breakfast, Henry wandered around the house, bored to death. He passed by his fathers‟ room and
saw with contempt that the bed remained unmade. In fact, upon a second glace, Henry saw that the
entire house was in need of a good cleaning. Towels lined the bathroom floor, dishes piled up in the
kitchen sink, and all sorts of crummies scattered along the wood floors of the entire house. I have got to
get out of here..., Henry thought to himself. He shivered; the mere thought of being alone in there all day
was beginning to make him antsy. I think I’ll head down to the park, he decided. And with the swift
decision, Henry grabbed his backpack containing his wallet as well as other various items and set off from
the house.
Henry practically sprinted to the park and was there in no time. He looked around seeing clear blue sky,
white fluffy clouds and just the slightest breeze to cool the skin. In fact, it was so beautiful that Henry was
not the only person to come there that day. Several people were strewn about playing Frisbee, having
picnics and just enjoying themselves. As Henry walked toward his favorite bench, he noticed a vendor
near the water‟s edge selling balloons. That’s just what I need today, Henry thought to himself. He quickly
calculated the money he had with him and walked toward the vendor, wondering if he would have enough
to buy a balloon